Meeting Participants:
Karthik Sivanadiyan
Vicky Yu
Rastaar Haghi
Size Shen
Zongye Cen

The following process aspects will be changed.

We had lots of overlap in communication (especially the frontend tasks and
JDBC related issues), so for future Scrums, we are delegating more specifc tasks 
to each person. Such faulty communication impeded progress on the Sprint 1 
backlog, thus leaving several features "weakly" implemented for Sprint 2. These 
"more specific" tasks will be reflected on the task chart, as you can now see 
more "subtasks" for each larger feature (designated by color code).

We also circumvented the usefulness of designing "comprehensive" 
frontend/backend tests (key feature of TDD) by writing small, failing tests so 
that we could jump right into implementation. Doing the "bare minimum" for 
testing once again impeded our Sprint 1 backlog progress as none of the features
fully functioned, and several features failed to garner feedback due to failing 
tests. 

Poor integration of the GIT flow model into eclipse's EGIT functionality caused 
several version control issues that took away time from implementation. We will 
not produce any new commits until all members have a fully functional GIT flow 
model running with eclipse.

Lastly, we will seek approripate technical support (where warranted) for the 
above process changes from the course producers in a timely manner.

We as a group decided that NO new tasks will be appended to the product backlog. 
The course producers stated that we have not made enough progress into any of 
the inital features to garner feedback that entails newer, higher-level tasks 
significant enough to be placed in the product backlog. Most of our newly 
generated tasks from the demo are simply small UI changes and small logic 
changes in our distance radius search and pagination features that do not belong
in the product backlog.